README.md, before:

# Presidents Challenge

## TO DO

### General
- css for pages is aligning page content to the left leaving blank space on right side

### PWA
- need pwa related files like manifest.json and a service worker

### pages
- about page should have info on the issue we are aiming to solve
- queue page needs to have a visible queue ticker and a rough time estimate of when to go to the hospital, as well as the name of the hospital you are attending
  - maybe need some sort of location tracking question to facilitate this
    - this may be easier to implement with pwa related features 
- home page clean up and add button to immediatly enter the queue and redirect to   queue page
- login and signup needs UI update 

### backend 
- decide on backend tech (most likely going to use express)
- implement dummy db to facilitate backend api calls in order to change queue information 
- potentially use login info but more likely going to ask for this info when the user tries to enter the queue. Health card number, whats wrong, name, DOB, location check, then capcha to check for robot.
- could use login to fast track triage questions so that it only asks you for your current issue but not for other sign up info that could be stored in cache.

Commit message:

docs: added must have vs should have

README.md, after:

# Presidents Challenge

## TO DO

### General
- css for pages is aligning page content to the left leaving blank space on right side **must have**

### PWA
- need pwa related files like manifest.json and a service worker

### pages
- about page should have info on the issue we are aiming to solve
- queue page needs to have a visible queue ticker and a rough time estimate of when to go to the hospital, as well as the name of the hospital you are attending **must have**
  - maybe need some sort of location tracking question to facilitate this **must have**
    - this may be easier to implement with pwa related features 
- home page clean up and add button to immediatly enter the queue and redirect to   queue page **must have**
- login and signup needs UI update 

### backend 
**currently all backend tasks are tabled**
- decide on backend tech (most likely going to use express)
- implement dummy db to facilitate backend api calls in order to change queue information 
- potentially use login info but more likely going to ask for this info when the user tries to enter the queue. Health card number, whats wrong, name, DOB, location check, then capcha to check for robot.
- could use login to fast track triage questions so that it only asks you for your current issue but not for other sign up info that could be stored in cache.
